[DOCS] Add Content for Connecting to a PostgreSQL Data Asset (#9356)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/data_assets/manage_data_assets.md

12. Create an Expectation. See [Create an Expectation](/cloud/expectations/manage_expectations.md#create-an-expectation).

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="PostgreSQL">

Define the data you want GX Cloud to access within PostgreSQL.

### Prerequisites

- You have a PostgreSQL database, schema, and table.

- You have a [PostgreSQL instance](https://www.postgresql.org/download/). To improve data security, GX recommends using a separate user service account to connect to GX Cloud.

- You know your PostgreSQL access credentials.

### Connect to a PostgreSQL Data Asset 

1. In GX Cloud, click **Data Assets** > **New Daata Asset**.

2. Click the **New Data Source** tab and then select **PostgreSQL**.

3. Enter a meaningful name for the Data Asset in the **Data Source name** field.

> 4. Enter a connection string in the **Connection string** field. The connection string format is `postgresql://YourUserName:YourPassword@YourHostname:5432/YourDatabaseName`. 

Reviewer: @Kilo59 @wookasz The connection string format should be `postgresql+psycopg2//YourUserName:YourPassword@YourHostname:5432/YourDatabaseName` correct?

> 4. Enter a connection string in the **Connection string** field. The connection string format is `postgresql://YourUserName:YourPassword@YourHostname:5432/YourDatabaseName`. 

Author: ```suggestion
4. Enter a connection string in the **Connection string** field. The connection string format is `postgresql+psycopg2//YourUserName:YourPassword@YourHostname:5432/YourDatabaseName`. 
```

5. Optional. Select **Test connection** to test the Data Source connection. Testing the connection to the Data Source is a preventative measure that makes sure the connection configuration is correct. This verification can help you avoid errors and can reduce troubleshooting downtime.

6. Click **Continue**.

7. Select **Table Asset** or **Query Asset** and complete the following fields:

    - **Table name**: When **Table Asset** is selected, enter a name for the table you're creating in the Data Asset.
    

>     - **Data Asset name**: Enter a name for the Data Asset. Data Asset names must be unique. If you use the same name for multiple Data Assets, each Data Asset must be associated with a unique Data Source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Data Asset name**: Enter a name for the Data Asset. Data Asset names must be unique within a Data Source.
```
